hey guys it's Sarah and I'm going to
show you a cute variation on regular
pigtails that you can do to your
American Girl doll and here I'm going to
show it on Hayden and this is the
hairstyle that is shown in the video the
dance video my hundredth video um that's
how our hair is about what about to show
so what you need for this is two bobby
pins and two rubber bands and you're
going to start out her hair all brushed
you're going to take like your finger
and take a little section of her hair
starting at her part and going down to
her ear so you've got just about that
much hair and then I'm going to brush it
out so it's smooth on the top bring it
over here o foremost up okay bring it
over here to the other side take your
bobby pin and pin her up and now do the
same on the other side take some of our
hair from our part down to her ear
bring it over kind of forming a
crisscross we can't tell very well um
from the video about the crisscross
because her hair is so dark but it looks
cool okay and then put your bobby pin in
and then you can leave it like this if
you want so it's just kind of like half
up except for on the back it looks a
little cute really cute and you can
probably depending on how much hair you
pick up in the front you can probably
use clippies or something more breaths
to flip this it instead of bobby pins I
just think bobby pins look nice look
neater okay so what you can do now part
her hair it doesn't have to be perfect
because you're not going to be able to
see to part it perfectly anyways and
then just put the rubber bands in too
low pigtails
and that's what it looks like in the
back and in the front she's got some
cute pigtails but it's no big part
downer her head and it looks pretty cute
snice variation on the regular pigtails
thanks for watching